[ADD] MRP: new doc about batch transfers (#614)
odoo/documentation-user: inventory/management/misc/batch_transfers.rst

=======================
Process Batch Transfers
=======================

Batch picking allows a single picker to handle a batch of orders,
reducing the number of times he must visit the same location. In Odoo,
it means you will regroup several transfers into the same batch
transfer, then processing it via its form view or the barcode
application.

Create a Batch Transfer
=======================

To activate the batch picking option, go to :menuselection:`Inventory
--> Configuration --> Configuration` and enable *Batch Pickings*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_01.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the inventory settings. Process to enable the batch pickings in the Odoo Inventory app

Then, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Batch
Transfers` and hit the create button.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_02.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the new menu, Batch Transfers, under operations

Now, determine the batch transfer responsible and the type of transfers
you want to include in the batch. To do so, click on *Add a line*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_03.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of a Batch Transfers form

> For example, use the filter feature to only have the *Pick* step
> before shipping the products to customers. After that, select the
> different transfers which should be included in the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, a filter was applied in order to only see the transfers* that are in the *Pick* step, before shipping the products to customers. After that, the
different transfers that** should be included in the batch were selected.
```

* (don't know if this is the right word) ^^
** I'd use 'that' because I believe it is restrictive clause (:

Author: I changed the sentence.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_04.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the list of transfers to choose for a single batch transfer and how to add them
          to the batch transfer

> To see the products to pick for the different transfers, click on
> confirm. The document also shows the locations they have been reserved
> from if *Multi-locations* has been activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the products to pick for the different transfers, click on
confirm*. The document also shows the locations from where they have been reserved
(if *Multi-locations* has been activated**).
```

* Isn't it Select? (if it follows the image above, because in the print the follows this paragraph there isn't a button 'Confirm' (thinking emoji))
** Is 'Multi_localtion' under Settings? When I read this I scrolled up to see that first print of the setting page to find this option, but I don't see it. So maybe tell the localization of this option, or link to a doc if there is one?) - suggestion from an illiterate person on the subject though. ^^

Author: Multi-location is a feature that is not mandatory to use batch transfers. So I didn't add a link to the doc. But if you think it can be useful, then I can add a note with the link to the doc :) 

About confirm, you're right. I'm too used to the "confirm" and "validate" buttons everywhere haha

Reviewer: I think adding a note would be useful indeed 👍

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_05.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of a batch transfer list. Products to pick with their source and target locations

Create a Batch Transfer from the Transfers List View
====================================================

From the *Transfers List View*, select transfers that should be

> included in the Batch. Then, hit *Add to batch* from the *Action*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included in the Batch. Then, select *Add to batch* from the *Action*
```

> list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menu.
```

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_06.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the process to add transfers to a batch transfer from the transfers list view

> Next, determine if you want to add the transfers to an existing draft
> batch transfer or create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, determine if you want to add the transfers to *an existing
batch transfer* or create *a new batch transfer*.
```

idea: use the names on the form.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_07.png
    :align: center

>     :alt: How to add a responsible to a batch transfer so it can be confirmed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: Options to add a batch transfer and define the responsible so it can be confirmed
```

Author: Ok for Option but not the rest. The screenshot is not about adding a batch transfer, it is about adding a responsible on a batch transfer :)

Reviewer: ohhhh 👍

Process a Batch Transfer
========================

> While gathering the products, you can edit the batch transfer and update
> the quantity done for each product. Once everything has been picked, hit
> validate so the different transfers contained in the batch are validated
> too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While gathering the products, you can edit the batch transfer and update
the *Quantity Done* for each product. Once everything has been picked, select
*Validate* so the different transfers contained in the batch are validated
too.
```

Suggestion just because are the exact names on the form, and I noticed you do it sometimes.
(+ it is something I do so it always calls my attention - If you want me to stop, let me know, please hehe)

Author: I don't mind if you keep suggesting that :) 
I just think people are smart enough to understand that "Validate" is a button, so I don't add * and uppercase for that one x)

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_08.png
    :align: center

>     :alt: View of an in progress batch transfer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: View of a batch transfer in progress
```

> In case all the products cannot be picked, you can create backorders,
> one for each individual transfer which couldn’t be completely processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case all the products cannot be picked, you can create backorders. Backorders are...*
You can create one for each individual transfer which couldn’t be completely processed.
```
*maybe a quick explanation?

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_09.png
    :align: center
    :alt: How to handle batch transfers with unavailable products. Creation of a backorder inside 
          of a batch transfer

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_10.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of how backorders are handled in Odoo's batch transfers

Process a Batch Transfer from the Barcode app
=============================================

Enter the *Barcode* application, select the *Batch Transfers* menu.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_11.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the Odoo Barcode app dashboard

Then, you can enter the batch transfer on which you want to work. Batch
transfers can easily be grouped per responsible if necessary.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_12.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the batch transfers dashboard inside of the Barcode app

> When entering the batch transfer, the products will be classified per
> location. The source document is visible on each line and a color-code
> helps differentiate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the batch transfer products are classified per
location. The source document is visible on each line and a color-code
helps differentiate them.
```

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_13.png
    :align: center

>     :alt: View of an in progress batch transfer with the Odoo barcode application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: View of a batch transfer in progress with the Odoo Barcode application
```

To see the products to pick from another location, click on the *Next*
button.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_14.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of a ready and completed batch transfer inside of the Odoo Barcode application

> Once all the products have been picked, click *Validate*, from the
> last page, to mark the batch transfer as done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the products were picked, click on *Validate* (on the
last page) to mark the batch transfer as done.
```

=======================
Process Batch Transfers
=======================

Batch picking allows a single picker to handle a batch of orders,
reducing the number of times he must visit the same location. In Odoo,
it means you can regroup several transfers into the same batch
transfer, then processing it via its form view or the barcode

> application.

Reviewer 2: then process it, either via the barcode application or in the form view.

Create a Batch Transfer
=======================

To activate the batch picking option, go to :menuselection:`Inventory
--> Configuration --> Configuration` and enable *Batch Pickings*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_01.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the inventory settings. Process to enable the batch pickings option in the Odoo Inventory app

Then, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Batch
Transfers` and hit the create button.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_02.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the new menu, Batch Transfers, under operations

Now, determine the batch transfer responsible and the type of transfers
you want to include in the batch. To do so, click on *Add a line*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_03.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of a Batch Transfers form

> In the example below, a filter was applied to only see the transfers that are in the *Pick* step.

Reviewer 2: bcp de passive

Create a Batch Transfer from the Transfers List View
====================================================

From the *Transfers List View*, select transfers that should be
included in the Batch. Then, select *Add to batch* from the *Action*
list.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_06.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the process to add transfers to a batch transfer from the transfers list view

Next, determine if you want to add the transfers to an existing draft
batch transfer or create a new one.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_07.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Option to add a responsible to a batch transfer so it can be confirmed

Process a Batch Transfer
========================

While gathering the products, you can edit the batch transfer and update
the *Quantity done* for each product. Once everything has been picked, select
*Validate* so the different transfers contained in the batch are validated
too.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_08.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of an in progress batch transfer

In case all the products cannot be picked, you can create backorders,

> one for each individual transfer which couldn’t be completely processed.

Reviewer 2: remove the one. 

You can create backorders for each individual...

application.

Create a Batch Transfer
=======================

To activate the batch picking option, go to :menuselection:`Inventory
--> Configuration --> Configuration` and enable *Batch Pickings*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_01.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the inventory settings. Process to enable the batch pickings option in the Odoo Inventory app

Then, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Operations --> Batch
Transfers` and hit the create button.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_02.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of the new menu, Batch Transfers, under operations

Now, determine the batch transfer responsible and the type of transfers
you want to include in the batch. To do so, click on *Add a line*.

.. image:: media/batch_transfers_03.png
    :align: center
    :alt: View of a Batch Transfers form

In the example below, a filter was applied to only see the transfers that are in the *Pick* step.
After that, the different transfers that needed to be included in the batch transfer were selected.

For example, use the filter feature to only have the *Pick* step
before shipping the products to customers. After that, select the

> different transfers which should be included in the batch.

Author: That's what happens when you want to do things quickly x)
